0 min-1 min: 对，是第一次考了讨论的话题十。
(Yes, Topics discussed for the first time)
1 min-2 min: 我就会觉得我没有安全感，所以我想手里有一些东西让我觉得连翘就这样，因为我觉得我啊，随时就会变成胖子，然后知道至少是放在那里的东西就是这样，而且以后孩子上学了，我就可以把它卖掉，嗯嗯哈哈，就是觉得他已经出国读书了呢，就是是可以用的，于是其实我觉得这个讨论的结果就是，嗯周卫芳还有一个原因是我也想出的好一点儿，就这样
(I feel insecure, so I think I have something in my hand that makes me feel like Forsythia suspensa, because I think I'm going to be fat anytime, and then I know that at least what I put there is like that, and then when my child goes to school, I can sell it, uh-huh-huh, just think he's already there. After going abroad to study, it is possible to use it, so I think the result of this discussion is, well, Zhou Weifang has another reason that I also think of a better point.)
2 min-3 min: 嗯住那个就是退出稍微有点不用大电视，为何我老说系统繁忙就是呀比较。
(Well, that's just to quit a little bit without big TV. Why do I always say that the system is busy?)
3 min-4 min: 平方米量对了，那你刚才说的这个东西更
(So that's more of what you just said.)
4 min-5 min: 就是觉得，所以我降低基础上我们去买一个生日位于的然后呢，你还不如把它改成实际的东西，你说你你要买房子是吧，你提的
(On the basis of my reduction, let's buy a birthplace and then, you might as well change it into something practical. You say you want to buy a house, right? You mention it.)
5 min-6 min: 你觉得保值也不值现在所以嗯我们但是至少这个钱，最后买第一个房子电话嗯这个嗯
(You don't think hedging is worth it now, so uh, but at least this money, and finally buy the first house phone, uh, uh, uh, uh.)
6 min-7 min: 但是结果你看过吗？现在到底保持对今年不是
(But have you seen the results? It's not for this year.)
7 min-8 min: 我说我河水儿子，你们觉得怎么做对的人中间还有很多条件，那你没有调查我也不知道现在交点税就是希尔 我们当时入侵完了，就可以换一个方法，哪个游泳馆游泳都不用跑那么远去，我直接就可以用，我们每天向自己推荐给我儿子送了，就我在改变的过程中我想要改变，不是说对我肯定是在尝试改变的过程中最后找到是否改变，而究竟用的什么东西，那我在尝试改变我养成需要我想到我想换一个带这个，在这个需要的过程中，我会不断的是对还是说来看看这里的房子下来了可以考虑画，hello我这里有小的那我可以考虑，第二就是十个，并不是说一开始一定要买第二个还是稳定，这并不是对这个过程中我们在
(I said my son, there are still many conditions for you to do what you think is right. Then you didn't investigate and I don't know that paying the spot tax is Hill. We invaded at that time. We can change a way. No swimming pool needs to run so far. I can use it directly. We recommend it to ourselves every day. My son gave it away, so I want to change in the process of change, not to say that I must try to change in the process of finally finding out whether to change, but what exactly to use, then I am trying to change my cultivation needs, I think I want to change one with this, in the process of this need, I will continue to return. Hello, I have a small one here that I can consider. The second one is ten. It doesn't mean that we have to buy a second one at the beginning or that it's stable. It's not that we are in the process.)
8 min-9 min: 而不是说你坐在那里是病毒，感染后就想好了，我究竟要变是，而是直接就知道买证据是这可以这样子的，不是过去的事，并不是我直接的吧，你去看一下试试不就行了呀，又看到的呀，嗯啊，嗯啊。
(Instead of saying you're sitting there with a virus and thinking about it after infection, I'm going to change it. Instead, I know directly that buying evidence can be like this. It's not a thing of the past, it's not directly for me. You can't just go and try it. You can see it again. Uh-huh, uh-huh.)
9 min-10 min: 那我就换罗，小的合适我们就买再买，可是当时我给。
(Then I'll change it. We'll buy it when it's small enough, but I gave it to you at that time.)
10 min-11 min: 一反正我是挺焦虑的情绪汤姆
(Anyway, I'm quite anxious, Tom.)
11 min-12 min: 嗯，然后下面我们就要开始讨论，那个就是这样做的一件事儿，是尤溪县开始跑了趟，然后在这十分钟的谈话，那要是用集中在妻子想要做的一件事情上，就想做一件事情上然后嗯你可以先说一下自己，向那个方面得到改变了，依然是，你还想听吗？说爱我想做的事情就是与有花园小区。
(Well, then we're going to start discussing, and that's what we did. You started running in Youxi County, and then we talked for ten minutes. If you focus on one thing your wife wants to do, you want to do one thing, and then you can talk about yourself first and change that way. Still, do you want to listen? Say I love what I want to do is to have a garden community.)
12 min-13 min: 肯定不能时时相聚，所以呢我觉得我可以经常去那搞有花园的地方待着说我可以去教室呀，去爬山啊，去植物园等地，我也可以自己在家里洗地方有鲜花，嗯，有点迟，然后曾经看过龙游站阳台上开着，但是我们要各奔东西了是。
Surely I can't get together from time to time, so I think I can always go to the place where there are gardens and wait to say that I can go to the classroom, climb mountains, go to botanical gardens and so on. I can also wash flowers at my home. Well, it's a little late. Then I saw the balcony of Longyou Station blooming, but we have to go east and west. Yes.
